Clarify handling of replays in "Upload Requests" (#333)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

task's `aggregator_endpoints`. That is, the first share should be the leader's,
the second share should be for the first helper, and so on.

The leader responds to well-formed requests to `[leader]/upload` with HTTP
status code 200 OK. Malformed requests are handled as described in {{errors}}.
Clients SHOULD NOT upload the same measurement value in more than one report if
the leader responds with HTTP status code 200 OK.

The leader responds to requests whose leader encrypted input share uses an
out-of-date `HpkeConfig.id` value, indicated by `HpkeCiphertext.config_id`, with
HTTP status code 400 Bad Request and an error of type 'outdatedConfig'. Clients
SHOULD invalidate any cached aggregator `HpkeConfig` and retry with a freshly
generated Report. If this retried report does not succeed, clients SHOULD abort
and discontinue retrying.

If the leader determines that a report is a replay based on the conditions in
{{anti-replay}}, the report MUST be ignored and the leaader SHOULD alert the

> client with error "reportRejected".

Author: Reviewing Chris' #382 reminded me to revisit this change. David's point about a circular reference is a good one. What I want to do is repurpose {{anti-replay}} to discuss the criteria for determining if a report is a replay, but then leave it up to either {{upload-flow}} or {{early-input-share-validation}} to specify what should be done when a replay is detected. So I'll do that after #382 lands, since that PR is changing the text of {{anti-replay}}.

configurations, it can use trial decryption with each configuration to determine
if requests match a known HPKE configuration. When clients receive an 'outdatedConfig'
error, they SHOULD invalidate any cached aggregator `HpkeConfigList` and retry with
a freshly generated Report. If this retried report does not succeed, clients
SHOULD abort and discontinue retrying.

> If a report's metadata matches that of a previously uploaded report, the leader

Reviewer: I think this check is too stringent. For anti-replay, we require tracking the report IDs at a minimum.

Author: I changed the wording to discuss report ID. I think this needs the same nuance about sharding as the corresponding item in {{input-share-validation}} but I'm not sure how to effectively reference that here. We could just copy paste in the "implementation note".

Reviewer: Or just point to that section?

MUST ignore it and the leader MAY alert the client with error `reportRejected`.

The Leader MUST ignore any report pertaining to a batch that has already been
collected (see {{input-share-validation}} for details). Otherwise, comparing the
aggregate result to the previous aggregate result may result in a privacy

> violation. Note that the Helpers enforce this as well. In addition, the leader

Reviewer: In case we end up hard-coding two aggregators in the future.
```suggestion
violation. Note that this is enforced by all Aggregators, not just the Leader. In addition, the leader
```

configurations, it can use trial decryption with each configuration to determine
if requests match a known HPKE configuration. When clients receive an 'outdatedConfig'
error, they SHOULD invalidate any cached aggregator `HpkeConfigList` and retry with
a freshly generated Report. If this retried report does not succeed, clients
SHOULD abort and discontinue retrying.

If a report's ID matches that of a previously uploaded report, the leader
MUST ignore it and the leader MAY alert the client with error `reportRejected`.
[TODO: should we reference the implementation note from

> {{input-share-validation}} here?]

Reviewer: yes :)
